{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The idea of creating "Cleeth" came to me in February 2023 during a challenging personal moment. To give myself a sense of purpose, I purchased the Apple Developer Program license and set the goal of publishing my first iOS app. However, during this time and until recently, I took a break from programming to focus on personal growth. Today, I am proud to say that not only do I feel much better about myself, but I have also successfully published my first iOS app on the App Store. This achievement reflects my improved well-being and confidence, serving as a reminder that we must prioritize our own well-being so we can excell in our work so we could support others achieve great things to. \
\
Firstly, I want to express my gratitude to my family for their unwavering support, love, and care. They played a crucial role in shaping me into the person I am today.\
\
To my friends and everyone who has been by my side through thick and thin, listening to all the crazy and seemingly foolish ideas that crossed my mind, thank you for supporting me and encouraging me to move forward, especially during times when I felt incapable.\
\
To my ex-girlfriend, though we are no longer together, I still cherish the love we shared. Thank you for accepting me for who I am, believing in me, and seeing potential in me that I couldn't see in myself. Your support and trust were instrumental in my journey, and I wouldn't have progressed without them.\
\
Last but not least, I want to thank me,for always trying to do the right thing, eventhough when it was the hard thing to do. Thank you for embracing both your flaws and strengths, for accepting yourself, and feeling proud about it. \
Thank you Matias, for having the strength to persevere and not give up on your dreams, but most importantly, not giving up on yourself during this past year.\
\
\
}